Jasbir Khatrao
Kubernetes Questions
10/22/2020

1.) A Kubernetes cluster consists of two types of resources. What are they?

A.) Container and MiniKube
*B.) Master and Node
C.) MiniKube and Master
D.) Container and Node

2.) If the Node hosting an instance goes down or is deleted, what happens?

A.) The application stops running for all users.
B.) You must manually replace the instance with an instance on another Node in the cluster.
*C.) The Deployment Controller replaces the instance with an instance on another Node in the cluster.
D.) The instance remains live for 5 minutes, before it is replaced by the Deployment Controller.

3.) What is a Pod?

A.) A Kubernetes abstraction that represents a packet of information that travels from node-to-node.
*B.) A Kubernetes abstraction that represents a group of one or more application containers (Docker),
     and some shared resources for those containers.
C.) A Kubernetes abstraction that represents an application instance.
D.) A Kubernetes abstraction that represents a node instance.

4.) What does a ReplicaSet do?

A.) Dynamically create/maintain new nodes, to keep your application running.
B.) Dynamically create/maintain new sets, to keep your application running.
C.) Dynamically create/maintain new containers, to keep your application running.
*D.) Dynamically create/maintain new pods, to keep your application running.

5.) What does scaling in Kubernetes do?

*A.) Increase the number of Pods to the new desired state.
B.) Increase the number of Nodes to the new desired state.
C.) Increase the number of Clusters to the new desired state.
D.) Decrease the number of Clusters to the new desired state.

6.) Rolling updates allow the following: (Check all that apply)
* Promote an application from one environment to another
* Rollback to previous versions
Expose your deployment for operation
* Continous Integration and Continuous Delivery of applicatiions with zero downtime
Expose your app publicly

7.) What is Kubernetes? (Choose the best answer)
A.) A production-grade, open-source version control software.
*B.) A production-grade, open-source infrastructure for the deployment, scaling, management, and composition
     of application containers
C.) An open-source software that allows users to host containerized applications.
D.) A software that uses containerized applications to manage and host clusters.

8.) How does the Kubectl interact with the cluster?
A.) It uses the node processes
B.) It sends pods to each node.
*C.) It uses the Kubernetes API.
D.) It uses the Minikube API.